Desk buddy project


Context: this is the code for an ESP Home project, 
based on yaml and c code (via lambda blocks). 
My purpose is to create a desk buddy project that react to touch and movement, 
make sounds via the passive buzzer and display eyes and mouth on screen. 

The hardware is an esp-s3 zero (they have one rgb w2812 led on board), 
one .96 mono oled screen 128x64 pixels, one vibration motor. 
Don't be too concerned by the hardware for now: 
it's working and the program is doing what it should.

Mind that the full code is expected to be in one file, because of how esp home works. 
Check  https://esphome.io/guides/yaml/ for information about esp home for the configuration yaml.

Your focus is main.yaml: this is a YAML file format, with lambda sections that contains c code.
Not everything from c may be available, confirm with esp home API.

Commands:
1. validate the configuration: `python -m esphome config main.yaml`
2. compile the code: `python -m esphome compile main.yaml`

----------------------------------

INSTRUCTIONS FOR THIS PROJECT

CRITICAL:
If you make any changes, you should make sure the update is correct with this:
1. validate the configuration: `python -m esphome config main.yaml`
2. compile the code: `python -m esphome compile main.yaml`

Each command can take a bit of time and you should wait for it to complete before analysing the results. 
Progress step by step so each iteration is easy to evaluate. 
For example, if you make a change on the globals:
1. confirm with the documentations (https://esphome.io/guides/yaml/)
2. change one global
3. running the validate command, wait for the results and analyse the output. If it fail, iterate by investigating why it failed, based on the command output and making changes, going back to 1.
4. if 3 is successful run the compile command, analyse the output. If it fail, iterate by investigating why it failed, based on the command output and making changes, going back to 1.


If you have any doubts, ask me and pause.